so on the show we've had greyhounds
we've had cheetahs but today is going to
be another cat vs. dog special but
slightly different should we say kitten
versus puppy cats have been known to
fall 10 times their height and be
perfectly fine this is probably about
three or four times at high underneath
here we've got some nice bubble wrap as
well it should keep really safe when
they're just jumping off really nice
soft landing for them just in case so
let's give it a go I think oh we well
yeah Oh perfect
well what an absolute performer what a
tiger I think the dogs gonna really
struggle to be that one
Oh
so next step we have a little buddy here
and my personal favorite the dog so
hopefully he's going to put the cats to
shame
so I think it's fair to say that the
king is wondering what cats won the
round yep gonna have to concede for once
to have naturally born jumpers and fall
as their whole body's designed to take a
fall something they don't even have to
learn they're just very good book oh no
you're very good runner you would send
it from wolves they've got stiff bones
that room you're just the top dog anyway
so who do you think won cats or dogs let
us know in the comments below but I
think the real winner was the Internet
he's adorable too don't forget to Like
and subscribe to earth unplugged please
do it otherwise I'll be sad
Oh